docs/index.rst, before:

PKGBUILDer.  A Python AUR helper/library.
=========================================


.. note::
    This documentation is compatible with version |release| of
    PKGBUILDer.
    The current version on your system can be checked by running
    `pkgbuilder -v`.

PKGBUILDer is an AUR helper, i.e. an application which builds AUR
packages.  It can be used in conjunction with pacman (with a special
script).  It uses various techniques to automatize the process as
much as possible.

Since version 2.1.0, PKGBUILDer provides modules that can be used in
other scripts.

For standalone use, see the :doc:`PKGBUILDer man page <pkgbuilder>`.
Reading the appendices (:doc:`README` and
:doc:`Message codes <messagecodes>`) is also a good idea.

For python module usage, see the :doc:`Classes list <classes>`.

Table of Contents
-----------------

.. toctree::
   :numbered:

   pkgbuilder
   classes
   README
   messagecodes
   LICENSE

Indices and tables
------------------

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

v2.1.2.26: final release of PKGBUILDer; PATCHES WELCOME
Signed-off-by: Kwpolska <kwpolska@gmail.com>

docs/index.rst, after:

PKGBUILDer.  A Python AUR helper/library.
=========================================


.. note::
    This documentation is compatible with version |release| of
    PKGBUILDer.
    The current version on your system can be checked by running
    `pkgbuilder -v`.

PKGBUILDer is an AUR helper, i.e. an application which builds AUR
packages.  It can be used in conjunction with pacman (with a special
script).  It uses various techniques to automatize the process as
much as possible.

Since version 2.1.0, PKGBUILDer provides modules that can be used in
other scripts.

Development of the PKGBUILDer is stalled.  However, patches are welcome
all the time at GitHub.

For standalone use, see the :doc:`PKGBUILDer man page <pkgbuilder>`.
Reading the appendices (:doc:`README` and
:doc:`Message codes <messagecodes>`) is also a good idea.

For python module usage, see the :doc:`Classes list <classes>`.

Table of Contents
-----------------

.. toctree::
   :numbered:

   pkgbuilder
   classes
   README
   messagecodes
   LICENSE

Indices and tables
------------------

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
